                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
Alﬁe                    
                        
                        
Gordon                  
                        
                        
Web Designer            
                        
                        
al.gordon@email.sp.com  
555 466 5080            
                        
Los Angeles, CA         
                        
                        
                        
Education               
                        
Higher Diploma -        
                        
Digital Design          
                        
EESAP                   
2012                    
                        
MA - Digital Creation   
Farley School of        
Design                  
2013                    
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                                                                                                
    Extremely motivated and driven web designer, with a varied           
    and complementary skill set. Works well in a team and                
    individually, strong belief in a growth mindset. Comprehensive       
    knowledge of design and innovative thinking as well as a             
    thorough understanding of customer needs.                            
                                                                         
  Experiences                                                            
                                                                         
  Lead Web Designer                                                      
  Drummond Creations Studio, Los                                         
  Angeles - June 2018 / Present                                          
                                                                         
      Created responsive and modern website designs for                  
      clients, which on average increased sales by 25%.                  
                                                                         
      Provided excellent support and expertise to clients, thus          
      receiving an average of 97% in client feedback reviews.            
      Maintained and updated websites for clients to ensure              
                                                                         
      quality and responsiveness, resolving any issues promptly.         
                                                                         
                                                                         
  Lead Web Designer                                                      
  Drummond Creations Studio, Los                                         
                                                                         
  Angeles - June 2018 / Present                                          
                                                                         
      Managed website design projects for an average of 25 clients,      
                                                                         
      while ensuring client service excellence.                          
                                                                         
      Created responsive and modern website designs for clients,         
      resulting in increased website traﬃc by 35%.                       
                                                                         
      Provided excellent support and expertise to clients, thus receiving
      an average of 97% in client feedback reviews.                      
                                                                         
      Oversaw a team of 3 designers and implemented new procedures,      
                                                                         
      which resulted in increased productivity levels by 10%.            
                                                                         
      Maintained and updated websites for clients to ensure quality and  
      responsiveness, while resolving any issues promptly.               
                                                                         
                                                                         
   Skills                                                                
                                                                         
   Oﬃce suite, InDesign, Photoshop                                       
   HTML, CSS, Python                                                     
                                                                         
   References                                                            
                                                                         
   Available upon request                                                
                                                                         