                                                                                                          
                                                                            Mishri Dayal                  
                                                                                                          
                      Assistant Professor of Linguistics                                                  
                                                                                                          
                                                                                                          
Information:                          Statement:                                                          
555-013-7975                          Highly competent and result-driven academic fellow with substantial 
                                      experience in teaching at a graduate level and excellent academic   
mdayal@email.site.com                                                                                     
                                      credentials. Strong analytical skills, excellent communicator and a 
Panini Ave., New Haven, CT            diligent work ethic. Seeking to leverage my teaching experience and 
                                      academic record to pursue a Ph.D. in Linguistics.                   
                                                                                                          
                                                                                                          
Education:                            Professional Appointments:                                          
2016-2018 – M.A. in Linguistics       2020-Present – Assistant Professor of Linguistics                   
                                      University of Cleffothurst                                          
University of Cleffothurst                                                                                
                                      .                                                                   
Graduated Magna Cum Laude                                                                                 
                                      - Lectured on the History of Linguistics for undergraduate students.
Thesis: The Study Of Linguistics      - Prepared a workshop on Linguistics for graduate students.         
Supervisor: Dr. Lee                   - Taught a series of tutorial classes on Conversation Analysis.     
                                                                                                          
Gardner-Jones                                                                                             
                                                                                                          
.                                                                                                         
2013-2016 – B.A. in Linguistics                                                                           
                                      Publications:                                                       
University of Cleffothurst                                                                                
                                      2021                                                                
                                      Linguistics Through the Lens of Societal Change, Dayal, et al..     
Memberships:                                                                                              
                                      .                                                                   
Cleffothurst Linguistics Society                                                                          
.                                     2019                                                                
Rowley College of Linguistics                                                                             
                                      Linguistics & Conversation Analytics, Dayal & Jones.                
                                      .                                                                   
                                      2018                                                                
                                      The Study Of Linguistics By Mishri Dayal, Dayal.                    
References:                                                                                               
On Request                                                                                                
                                                                                                          
                                      Awards:                                                             
                                                                                                          
                                      2020                                                                
                                      Galwell Rowley Academic Prize For Linguistics                       
                                                                                                         